Add clarification about IP forwarding requirement (bsc#1150212) (#574)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/deployment-sysreqs.adoc

|===

> ==== Port Forwarding

Reviewer: s/Port/IP/

The link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/[{kube} networking model] requires that your nodes have IP forwarding enabled in the kernel.
`skuba` checks this value when installing your cluster and installs a rule in `/etc/sysctl.d/90-skuba-net-ipv4-ip-forward.conf` to make it persistent.

> Other software can potentially install rules with higher priority overriding this value and causing the cluster to fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other software can potentially install rules with higher priority overriding this value and causing machines to not behave as expected after rebooting.
```

You can manually check if this is enabled using the following command:

[source,bash]
----
# sysctl net.ipv4.ip_forward

net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1
----

`net.ipv4.ip_forward` must be set to `1`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Additionally, you can check in what order persisted rules are processed by running `sysctl --system -a`.
